Select docs (#566)
radix-ui/website: data/primitives/components/select/1.2.0.mdx

    {
      name: 'onCloseAutoFocus',
      type: '(event: Event) => void',
      typeSimple: 'function',
      description: (
        <span>
          Event handler called when focus moves to the trigger after closing. It
          can be prevented by calling <Code>event.preventDefault</Code>.
        </span>
      ),
    },
    {
      name: 'onEscapeKeyDown',
      type: '(event: KeyboardEvent) => void',
      typeSimple: 'function',
      description: (
        <span>
          Event handler called when the escape key is down. It can be prevented
          by calling <Code>event.preventDefault</Code>.
        </span>
      ),
    },
    {
      name: 'onPointerDownOutside',
      type: '(event: PointerDownOutsideEvent) => void',
      typeSimple: 'function',
      description: (
        <span>
          Event handler called when a pointer event occurs outside the bounds of
          the component. It can be prevented by calling{' '}
          <Code>event.preventDefault</Code>.
        </span>
      ),
    },
    {
      name: 'position',
      type: '"item-aligned" | "popper"',
      typeSimple: 'enum',
      default: '"item-aligned"',
      description: (
        <span>

>           The positioning mode to use. By default <Code>item-aligned</Code> will
>           use some heuristics based on the items to position the content over
>           the trigger trying to align it with the selected option at best
>           (similar to what MacOS does). <Code>popper</Code> uses the same engine
>           as all other components like <Code>Popover</Code> or{' '}
>           <Code>DropdownMenu</Code> for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          The positioning mode to use, <Code>item-aligned</Code> is the default and behaves similarly to a native MacOS menu by positioning content relative to the active item. <Code>popper</Code> positions content in the same way as our other primitives, for example <Code>Popover</Code> or <Code>DropdownMenu</Code>.
```

Is this more concise?

        </span>
      ),
    },
    {
      name: 'side',
      type: '"top" | "right" | "bottom" | "left"',
      typeSimple: 'enum',
      default: '"bottom"',
      description: (
        <span>
          The preferred side of the anchor to render against when open. Will be
          reversed when collisions occur and <Code>avoidCollisions</Code> is

>           enabled. Ignored when <Code>position</Code> isn't <Code>popper</Code>.

Author: Yeah you're right, I'll invert all of them.

        </span>
      ),
    },
    {
      name: 'sideOffset',
      type: 'number',
      default: '0',
      description: (
        <span>
          The distance in pixels from the anchor. Ignored when{' '}
          <Code>position</Code> isn't <Code>popper</Code>.
        </span>
      ),
    },
    {
      name: 'align',
      type: '"start" | "center" | "end"',
      typeSimple: 'enum',
      default: '"start"',
      description: (
        <span>
          The preferred alignment against the anchor. May change when collisions
          occur. Ignored when <Code>position</Code> isn't <Code>popper</Code>.

>         </span>

Reviewer: Not important now but we should probably mention the logical nature of this prop at some point.
